Q1a: Define Microprocessor.
Q1b: Explain Flag register of 8085 microprocessor.
Q1c: Explain format of instruction of 8085 microprocessor with example.
Q1c: Explain function of ALU, Control Unit and CPU of 8085 microprocessor.

Q2a: Explain function of ALE signal with diagram.
Q2b: Compare microprocessor and microcontroller
Q2c: Draw & explain block diagram of 8085 microprocessor.

Q2a: Explain 16 bits registers of 8085 microprocessor.
Q2b: Explain de-multiplexing lower order address and data lines with diagram of 8085 microprocessor.
Q2c: Draw and explain pin diagram of 8085.


Q3a: Draw clock and reset circuit of 8051 microcontroller.
Q3b: Explain internal RAM of 8051.
Q3c: Explain block diagram of 8051.

Q3a: Explain different timer modes of 8051 microcontroller.
Q3b: Explain function of DPTR and PC.
Q3c: Explain interrupts of 8051 microcontroller.

Q4a: Explain data transfer instruction with example for 8051.
Q4b: List and explain different addressing modes of 8051 microcontroller.
Q4c: Write a program to copy block of 8 data starting from location 100h to 200h.

Q4a: Write a program to add two bytes of data and store result in R0 register.
Q4b: Explain indexed addressing mode with example.
Q4c: Explain stack operation of 8051 microcontroller, PUSH and POP instruction.

Q5a: Explain branching instruction with example.
Q5b: Interface 8 leds with 8051 microcontroller and write a program to turn on and off.
Q5c: Interface LCD with 8051 microcontroller and write a program to display “welcome”.

Q5a: Explain logical instruction with example.
Q5b: Interface 7 segment with 8051 microcontroller.
Q5c: Interface LM 35 with 8051 microcontroller and explain block diagram of temperature controller.